otelconf/v0.3.0: add support for provider options (#7552)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Add the unit `ns` to deprecated runtime metrics `process.runtime.go.gc.pause_total_ns` and `process.runtime.go.gc.pause_ns` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/runtime`. (#7490)

> - Added support for passing additional provider options to otelconf.NewSDK (#7552)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `WithLoggerProviderOptions`, `WithMeterProviderOptions` and `WithTracerProviderOptions` options to `NewSDK` to allow passing custom options to providers in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/otelconf`. (#7552)
```
